hey guys it's nelly and i'm going to be
videotaping how i dip dye my hair
turquoise with manic panics atomic
turquoise so I already shampooed the
tips of my hair and I'm waiting for that
to dry before i go ahead and actually
apply
you
quick disclaimer um this brush thing the
gloves and the actual hair dye was all
purchased in Sally's Beauty Supply and I
bought it all with my own money I forgot
to buy mixing bowl but that's it's all
gucci yeah so after sectioning my hair
into a few sections I cut the aluminum
foil and I suggest that you already have
that precooked so I straight up put the
hair dye on my hair I can add any
conditioner or anything this is straight
from the tube and I making trinket every
little strand then I flipped it over to
get the backside of it
and it got tired of tin foil so I let go
of that and I started combing it to make
sure it was evenly distributed from the
tips of my hair and then bringing it a
little up to make it the softer gradient
to make it transition better and the dye
says to mix it until it's frothy so
that's what i was doing throughout this
video and i add more to the tips to make
that part brighter so just mixing until
it's frothy and I finger combed a lot
because this helped with the ombre when
you bring it up and there's like a
little bit of hair dye on your gloves it
makes that transition better
and then I add a little bit more of the
turquoise to the tips before i put in
tin foil and throughout this video you
will see me progressively get worse at
foiling my hair so this is the top layer
of my hair I'm not showing you every
section because in this video would be
ridiculously long and I'm just doing the
same steps as before just I'm not
bringing it up as high as I normally
would but any pre lightning I did to my
hair was with either the john frieda go
blonder shampoo and conditioner or
Sonnen I didn't want to bleach my hair
because I already have pretty blonde
hair and I didn't want to damage it so
yeah I'm just finger combing making sure
every strand is covered yada yada yada
and horrifyingly applying that tin foil
from my hair and then you're done I
added in a few streaks with any excess
that was on my gloves just to make sure
that it didn't have any harsh lines yeah
ok I'm gonna take the cloths off now
oh oh and I'm gonna let this sit for
like half an hour an hour okay now it's
time to wash all of this out in cold
water this is what my hair looks like
when i remove the tin foil yeah this is
hair before washing okay so i just rinse
my hair with very cold water and my
scalp is frozen but this is what it
looks like when it's wet and I'm i like
your dry and maybe I'll style it somehow
but it's not coming out as bright as it
is on camp like in person on camera but
it's pretty bright and I'm very happy
you